Add filtering on customers/getAll for deleted customer (#266)
MewsSystems/gitbook-connector-api: operations/customers.md

| `LoyaltyCodes` | array of string | optional, max 1000 items | Loyalty codes of the [Customer](customers.md#customer)s. |
| `CreatedUtc` | [Time interval](enterprises.md#time-interval) | optional, max length 3 months | Interval in which [Customer](customers.md#customer) was created. |
| `UpdatedUtc` | [Time interval](enterprises.md#time-interval) | optional, max length 3 months | Interval in which [Customer](customers.md#customer) was updated. |

> | `DeletedUtc` | [Time interval](enterprises.md#time-interval) | optional, max length 3 months | Interval in which [Customer](customers.md#customer) was deleted, operational only when `ActivityState` - `Deleted` is supplied |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `DeletedUtc` | [Time interval](enterprises.md#time-interval) | optional, max length 3 months | Interval in which [Customer](customers.md#customer) was deleted. `ActivityStates` value `Deleted` should be provided with this filter to get expected results. |
```

| `LoyaltyCodes` | array of string | optional, max 1000 items | Loyalty codes of the [Customer](customers.md#customer)s. |
| `CreatedUtc` | [Time interval](enterprises.md#time-interval) | optional, max length 3 months | Interval in which [Customer](customers.md#customer) was created. |
| `UpdatedUtc` | [Time interval](enterprises.md#time-interval) | optional, max length 3 months | Interval in which [Customer](customers.md#customer) was updated. |
| `DeletedUtc` | [Time interval](enterprises.md#time-interval) | optional, max length 3 months | Interval in which [Customer](customers.md#customer) was deleted. |
| `ActivityStates` | array of string [Activity state](#activity-state) | optional | Whether return only active, only deleted or both records. |
| `Extent` | [Customer extent](customers.md#customer-extent) | required | Extent of data to be returned. |

#### Activity state

* `Active` - Active records.
* `Deleted`- Deleted records.
* `All`- Active and Deleted records.

> 

Reviewer: The activity states should be defined somewhere in documentation (albeit in different file), reuse that.

Author: Yeah it is, but `All` wasn't there and I wanted to use it as one of the possible options. I could modify the origin definition, hopefully not breaking other usages.
